hey guys what is up and welcome to a new
legal legends video first off thank you
all for wishing me a happy birthday
yesterday and also thank you for being
on my stream and if you couldn't make it
then I still love you
well onto the topic of the video so let
us talk about EKKO I mean there's gonna
be more videos that we'll make about
this champion for instance how to play
him and a lot of tips and tricks that I
have for EKKO but before I do that I
feel like I should first make a video
talking about somewhat of the opposite
subject how to beat EKKO now I see a lot
of people complaining about EKKO saying
that he is just flat-out too strong so
the point of this video is to give you
general tips when facing an echo and
also let you know on what champions I
think you should be playing against them
and what champions he shouldn't i also
chatted a bit with pearson on twitter
and he gave me his thoughts and echo and
the champions that he thinks are really
strong against them and also where you
should watch out for first thing i want
to say is that I don't think EKKO is
overpowered but I don't think he's
balanced either
I think he's strong and might deserve a
bit of nerves I think the reason people
are seeing him as being so overpowered
is one because he's a new champion and
people really don't understand how to
play against them yes and his kid is
very different than anything we have
seen yet and on top of that he is an
assassin champion to make matters even
worse so not only do people not know how
to play against this new champion but
this new champion is an assassin who's
gonna be snowballing off of any slight
lead you had to remember that the whole
purpose of assassins existing is to
quite literally take a lead get stronger
do a lot of damage to your team in hard
carry a game or on the flipside if they
don't get the lead they should be a
little useless which is actually where I
think EKKO shines because even if he's
not super ahead I still feel like he's
quite good and that's probably because
he has a lot of great slow from his q
ability and he has a beautiful stun from
his W well regardless let's first go
into the topic of general tips when
facing an echo so the first thing is the
fact that EKKO heavily relies on his Q
ability especially during the laning
phase and it's really important to try
and not get hit by the q whatsoever let
alone both times the reason it's so
important is because EKKO in the laning
phase doesn't really have any other poke
except for his excuse not only is that
his main source of damage but if he gets
especially two stacks from his q on you
from his passive all he has to do is use
his eon you auto attack you proc the
passive do a pretty good amount of
damage she gets the move speed buff from
it and he can just simply run away and
then do it all again ten seconds later
another huge thing and probably the most
important thing when facing
is that you have to pay special
attention to him because he has a lot of
tricks up his sleeve what he'll throw is
W and then out of nowhere you'll get
stunned he'll get a shield or when
you're not paying attention he'll press
R go back to his ultimate clone and
absolutely annihilate you still watch
out so you really have to be mobile and
on point if you're gonna be surviving
against an echo because if you get hit
by any of those especially if you get
hit by both you can have a hard time
when going in for the all-out kill I
mean echo is gonna heavily rely on his W
for the shield and/or this stunt
so not only if you can dodge the stun
they'll be good for you but if you can
also waste a bit of his time walk he
does have this shield from his W that'll
be even better it's almost like
attacking in a rally of while she has
her W active dealing the true damage I
mean really not the best circumstances
of fighting against the champion a lot
of people also seem to be complaining at
the fact that echo has really good
escapes with his ultimate now this is
definitely true he definitely has great
escape with his ultimate but if he uses
it defensively just to save himself that
is a lot of his damage gone that's a lot
of utility from escape gone and his
surprise assassin kind of factor of just
coming back into the fight out of
nowhere with this ultimate is also gone
so make sure you take advantage of the
fact that you know that he has no
surprising damage coming out and no
escapes while his ultimate is down the
next step is something that just applies
to assassins in general CC them down
hardcore because echo cannot use his
Dalton and walkie CC as you're gonna see
in this example right here I just simply
got bursted down NC C to where I
couldn't do anything and here's a pretty
cool example as well of the Annie just
showing how it's done facing an echo she
simply stuns me uses all her abilities
and you see her running around not
giving me any opportunity to stun her to
land my Q and she simply just plays it
right also echo heavily relies on time
management with his abilities don't give
him that no pun intended what I mean by
that is that a lot of the time
especially if I'm playing echo what I'm
gonna be doing in a teamfight
is waiting for the right opportunity to
strike as any other assassin should but
while I'm waiting I'm just gonna be
standing my cute every few seconds on
the enemy team doing a lot of damage
slowing them down for my enemy team and
when a time is right I will strike them
so when playing against them you have to
kill him as soon as possible and as fast
as possible don't give him the
opportunity and the final thing if
you're under 30% HP obviously you want
to be careful because not only is he
gonna burst you down with his ability
kits + is passive but his W is also very
strong and finishing
targets so after some thinking those are
the general tips I have come up so far
when playing against an echo and I truly
hope that these tips did help you but
next let's go to the champions that you
want to be picking against echo in the
mid lane so this is extremely important
because you don't want to pick a bad
matchup against an assassin champion in
the mid lane the type of champions you
should be looking for when picking one
against echo mid lane are gonna be once
that have either high mobility and/or
high burst damage champions that can
simply avoid the damage or just strong
laners that trade very well so some
examples of high mobility and high burst
damage champions are Zed
LeBlanc and Fitz campus that can avoid
his damage also RZ LeBlanc fizz but also
Yasuo since he can win while his Q which
is huge in the laning phase and Yasha
was very mobile with his ability being
able to dodge his W and his ultimate or
just playing overall strong kind of
beefy ish champions in the mid lane that
can trade very well so for instance a
victor or cho gath I mean when I was
talking to Pearson he himself has said
that he beat almost every echo mid lane
playing either LeBlanc fizz or Viktor
but the champs you probably wanna watch
out for when picking against an echo
unless you really know what you're doing
our champions like zigs xerath
Cassiopeia Oriana Lux and syndra all
these champions have skill shots that
they rely on hitting and EKKO can be
very mobile to dodge him with his
ultimate or his he ability and they have
no real escape against echo in his kit
because echo has a lot of stick
potential with his kit that can be very
annoying for those champions and the
last thing I'll talk about in this video
is what I think needs nerfing on echo
because like I said even though I don't
think is overpowered I don't necessarily
think he's balanced I do think there are
some tweaks that should be done to his
kit to make him more balanced so the
main two things I will be talking about
is gonna be his passive and his cute I
think these are the main things that
make EKKO very strong because his
passive damages again not only very
strong especially when you combine it
with his W passive but the move speed is
the main thing because he can trade so
well in the laning phase do a lot of
damage and then with the MU speed simply
retreat or continue on with the chase he
has a little too many options in that
scenario and his Q has a little too much
damage for how much he can spam it the
slow is very strong and it applies to
stacks of your passive which if you just
combine an e right after you're gonna
deal a lot of damage and very easily
especially when your q is hitting three
to five people in team
I mean chasing an echo with his Q
ability makes it almost impossible but
those are the things that I think are a
little too strong about echo and I think
should be toned down by just a bit but
that is it for this video guys I hope
you have learned something new if you
did please thrown a like if you enjoyed
it also thrown and like share with your
friends tell me what you think about
this video and if you did learn anything
new or if it helps you face echoes also
check out my other videos as well if you
did enjoy it subscribe if you haven't
and I'll see you for the next one peace